Documentation ag (#28)
Rappsilber-Laboratory/xiFDR: README.md

| fragment CCPepDoubletCount                          | For cleavable crosslinkers, only consider spectra where at least X doublets are found on either peptide. usually set to greater than 0 in large scale searches | >0                            |
Notice that these are not meant to be used blindly all at once!

MS-cleavable crosslinkers present several advantages. Their signature crosslinker stubs and peptide doublets help to provide extra confidence, that the peptide masses are correct - and in extend increases the chance that the the peptides themself are correctly identified. xiFDR can make the most out of these features by prefiltering spectra on a minimum of crosslinker stubs observed, and then boosting on stubs and doublets.

#### Loading search results from other crosslinking MS search engines
xiFDR can directly read search result files in te standard .mzIdentML format in the mzIdentML tab. 

If the results are not in .mzIdentML format, search results should be read in via the csv tab. To do so, a minimal csv has to be generated containing the following information:

> | column name | Description |
> |-------------| ----------- |
> | XXX         | Title       |
> | XXX         | Title       |
> | XXX         | Title       |
> | XXX         | Title       |
> | XXX         | Title       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Following are lists of columns that have to be or can be provided. The name of the columns do not need to match exactly - but can be manually assigned. I.e. if instead of `scan ` the column in the CSV file is called `spectrum number` then these columns can be associated in the interface. Internally  xiFDR has a list of known alternative names for a some of the columns and will try to automatically match the right columns. This can be expanded by selecting "intelligent column matching" before selecting a file - but in both one should check that the correct columns are used.

The minimal set of columns that need to be present are:
| column name | Description |
|-------------| ----------- |
| run         | raw file name that the spectrum derived from |
| scan        | scan number within that run |
| peptide1 | sequence of the first peptide |
| peptide2 | sequence of the second peptide |
| peptide link 1 | which residue of the first peptide does the cross-linker attach to |
| peptide link 2 | which residue of the second peptide does the cross-linker attach to |
| is decoy 1 | is the first peptide from the decoy database |
| is decoy 2 | is the second peptide from the decoy database |
| precursor charge | charge state of the precursor ion |
| accession1 | protein accession number(s) for the source of the first peptide |
| accession2 | protein accession number(s) for the source of the second peptide |
| peptide position 1 | position(s) of the first peptide in the protein(s) |
| peptide position 2 | position(s) of the second peptide in the protein(s) |
| score | score of the spectrum match |

The decoys have to be reported in the search results and the accession of decoy proteins need to pairable with target proteins. Meaning a decoy protein protein needs to have the same accesion number as a target protein plus an optional prefix. xiFDR recognises following prefixes `REV_`, `RAN_` and `DECOY:` to the accession-numbers.

For ambiguous peptides xiFDR assumes that all proteins for the given peptide are either target- or decoy-proteins.

There are several more columns mappable.

Some column will get their value assigned/guessed from the top columns:
| column name | Description |
|-------------| ----------- |
| psmid   | a unique ID for the PSM - if not given will be defined based on run and scan |
| peptide length 1 | length (in amino acids) of the first peptide - if not given, then it will be guessed from the sequence|
| peptide length 2 | length (in amino acids) of the second peptide - if not given, then it will be guessed from the sequence|
Actually when psmid is given run and scan number become optional.

Some more that can be used xiFDR internal to improve the results of the FDR calculation:
| column name | Description |
|-------------| ----------- |
| delta score | the delta score of the match |
| peptide coverage1 | how well is peptide explained |
| peptide coverage2 | how well is peptide 2 explained |
| minimum peptide coverage | how well is the worse explained peptide explained |
| peptide1 fragments | How many unique fragments where assigned to peptide 1 |
| peptide2 fragments | How many unique fragments where assigned to peptide 2 |
| peptides with stubs | For how many peptides was an cross-linker stub identified |
| peptides with doublets | For how many peptides was an doublet of cross-linker stubs identified |
| negative grouping | if some matches have an inherently higher chance to be false positive then they can be flagged here |
| positive grouping | if some matches have an inherently lower chance to be false positive then they can be flagged here |

The last two columns are used to group matches for which the FDR is calculated separately. This requires that enough data are present and should be considered experimental.

Additionally there are some columns that are mainly just passed through to provide a "nice" output:
| crosslinker | name of the cross-linker involved in this PSM |
| crossLinkerModMass | mass difference between the sum of the non-cross-linked peptides and the cross-linked peptides |
| experimental mz | experimental precursor M/Z |
| calculated mass | calculated mass of the precursor |
| Protein name1 | a name for the first protein |
| Protein name2 | a name for the second protein |
| description1 | description of the first protein |
| description2 | description of the second protein |
| info | arbitrary info field to be forwarded to the results table |

For xiSEARCH results there some more columns that are important for the mzIdentML export that get automatically mapped. 

```

Author: awesome!!

> Below are a few tips for specific search engines:
> - The decoys have to be reported in the search results and they should be then mapped to target proteins
> - XXX
> 
> 
> Column names may be remapped in the bottom half of the csv interface by XXXX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Loading results from ProteomeXchange repositories

Reviewer: Not sure what you want to write here

| Ignore validity checks                                      | Allow FDR calculation even if number of decoys is not sufficient for sufficiently accurate estimation of FDR                                                                                                                                       | Untick and use in combination with min TD chance to only get results with accurate FDR calculation                    |
| Ambiguity                                                   | increase number to only allow matches with at most N ambiguity. E.g. if "ambiguity" is set to 1 in the residue pairs, residue pairs that could come from more than 1 place in the sequence or more than 2 unique proteins are discarded            | Set to a number if not interested in considering ambiguous crosslinks at all |

> | Unique PSMs                                                 | Aggregate specral matches so that only the top scoring spectrum is considered per spectral match                                                                                                                                                   | on by default. Untick if interested in an analysis of spectral matches                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unique PSMs                                                 | Aggregate spectra matches so that only the top scoring spectrum match per peptide pair, charge state, and linkage sites combination is considered                                                                                                                                                    | on by default. Untick if interested in an analysis of spectral matches                                                                       |
```

| Group by PSMs                                               | split FDR calculations into groups of protein pairs having different numbers of matches. In theory splittng FDR for highly abundant proteins and low-abundant                                                                                      | off by default. Experimental                                                                                                                 |

> | No consecutive                                              | remove matches from consecutive peptides. 2 consecutive (in sequence) linear peptides of which one is crosslinker modified can have the same mass and even fragmentation pattern of a crosslinked peptide pair and tend to be not very informative | Consider switching on in searches were protein interactions are the focus, or searches where short range sequence contacts are not the focus |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No consecutive                                              | remove matches from consecutive peptides. When the two peptides of a crosslinked peptide match are consecutive in sequence, then the same precurosor mass could also come from a single missedcleaved peptide, spanning the joined sequence,  with a crosslinker modification (hydrolised crosslinker). These two cases not only share the same precusor mass but also a lot of possible MS2 fragments, making these sometimes hard to distinguish.  Additionally are these crosslinks typically of a very short distance and structurally not very informative | Consider switching on in searches were protein where individual protein structure is the focus and short sequence distance crosslinks have little value |
```

> | Unique PSMs                                                 | Aggregate specral matches so that only the top scoring spectrum is considered per spectral match                                                                                                                                                   | on by default. Untick if interested in an analysis of spectral matches                                                                       |

Reviewer: Duplicated
```suggestion
```

Settings in the "more" panel:

These are minimum filters that essentially act as prefilters prior to FDR calculation. The difference between setting them here versus in the "input" tab is that these parameters can then be part of the boosting grid search (see below).

| Setting | Description| when to use                                                    |
|---------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| min. peptide fragments| minimum observed fragments per peptide | 0 by default, increase number in SDA searches                  |
| min. coverage| number between 0 and 1. Minimum fraction of theoretical fragments required | included in boosting                                           |
| min. coverage| number between 0 and 1. Minimum fraction of theoretical fragments required | included in boosting                                           |
| min. peptide stubs| minimum number of fragment stubs observed | important for MS-cleavable crosslinkers, included in boosting  |
|min. peptide doublets| minimum number of  peptide doublets observed | important for DSSO searches, included in boosting              |

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Reviewer: Ok you descripe the level idea below. guess we don't need that here
```suggestion
| boost separately|boosting in two steps - first on the lower level FDRs and in a second step change optimize these pre-filter| on by default gives sometimes less optimal results - but runs a lot faster  |
```

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Author: does the user need to know this?

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Author: I think reject this one?

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Reviewer: its just that "perform independent optimisation of each parameter" like each possible parameter is optimized independent of others. And that is not the case - only the paramater are split into to -FDR based and prefilter based and these are boosted one after the other

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Author: I see. "sometimes less than optimal results but runs a lot faster" is really tmi though

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Reviewer: tmi?

> | boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| boost separately|boosting in two steps - first on the lower level FDRs and in a second step change optimize these pre-filter| on by default                                                     |
```

| Self link                       | a link within a protein sequence (includes links between multiple copies of the same protein)                                                   |
| Heteromeric link                | a link between 2 different protein sequences                                                                                                    |
| Ambiguity                       | when peptide pairs or residue pairs can be mapped to multiple proteins because these share the same sequence                                    |
| Protein Group                   | the group of proteins sharing the sequence making up the ambiguous group                                                                        |
| Prefilter                       | a score filter applied prior to FDR calculation to both target and decoy matches                                                                |
| Local FDR                       | the estimation of FDR of a particular match based on a windowed approach or a fitting of the score distributions.                               |

> | Posterior Error Probability/PEP | the square root of the local FDR                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Where did you find that? To my understanding the terms local FDR and PEP are basically interchangeable

Author: in the tooltip if you hover over the "local FDR" box check

Reviewer: that is a bit of an misunderstanding. `square` is one of three states of the checkbox. It means when the checkbox is filled (guess I should call it that way) then it calculates PEP/local FDR. If it is ticked, then PEP will be calculated and filtered on, meaning xiFDR will first filter to e.g. 5% FDR and then to a local FDR or PEP of 5%. If it is empty then the PEP is not calculated to begin with.

Author: i see- yes i understood what the checkbox does and i documented it in the table. But then why do we use the words PEP at all? I will change this in a commit

Reviewer: History for that: our lab, a long time ago,  made a paper (https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2105-10-179) that was talking about local FDR. In other software, e.g. MaxQuant this is revert to PEP. So people might have heard of one or the other - but I am not sure what is the best name. In a way I calculate that is very close to our original paper. So I was sticking with that name in the interface. But I have PEP in the tooltip for people who have heard of that term but not local FDR.

Author: I see- in the new commit there is one line that says "Local FDR/PEP" so that it is clear

| Boosting                        | a grid search approach optimising settings to maximise the number of matches passing a given FDR threshold                                      |
| DeltaScore                      | The score of the best explanation of a CSM/residue pair etc. divided by the second best explanation                                             |

> | Conservative                    | An explanation of a spectral feature where non-lossy matches are weighted more heavily than lossy ones.                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Conservative                    | An explanation of a spectral feature where basic ions (a,b,c,x,y,z ions) matches are weighted more heavily than lossy ones.                                         |
```

| peptide 1/2 unique crosslinked matched conservative | impose to have only spectra where both peptides have a fragment of the other                                                                                   | >0                            |
| delta                                               | only spectra where the best match is x times better than the second best by score                                                                              | >1.2                          |
| peptide1/2 CCPepFragmentDoubletCount                | For cleavable crosslinkers, only consider spectra where at least X doublets are found on peptide 1/2                                                           | >0                            |
| fragment CCPepDoubletCount                          | For cleavable crosslinkers, only consider spectra where at least X doublets are found on either peptide. usually set to greater than 0 in large scale searches | >0                            |
Notice that these are not meant to be used blindly all at once!

> MS-cleavable crosslinkers present several advantages. Their signature crosslinker stubs and peptide doublets allow to discriminate between crosslinked and co-eluting peptide pairs. xiFDR can make the most out of these features by prefiltering spectra on a minimum of crosslinker stubs observed, and then boosting on stubs and doublets.

Reviewer: That is not quite right. In the best of cases - like DSSO - they help, but are not the only indication of an actual crosslink (and you could construct cases where the stubs are also not clear). In worst case they make it harder to distinguish  - like SDA. The real advantage of cleavable crosslinker for xi is that they generally give a a better fragmentation of both peptides.  For other search software the main advantage is, that you can search one peptide at a time.
```suggestion
MS-cleavable crosslinkers present several advantages. Their signature crosslinker stubs and peptide doublets help to provide extra confidence, that the peptide masses are correct - and in extend increases the chance that the the peptides themself are correctly identified. xiFDR can make the most out of these features by prefiltering spectra on a minimum of crosslinker stubs observed, and then boosting on stubs and doublets.
```

#### Loading search results from other crosslinking MS search engines
xiFDR can directly read search result files in te standard .mzIdentML format in the mzIdentML tab. 

If the results are not in .mzIdentML format, search results should be read in via the csv tab. To do so, a minimal csv has to be generated containing the following information:

| column name | Description |
|-------------| ----------- |
| XXX         | Title       |
| XXX         | Title       |
| XXX         | Title       |
| XXX         | Title       |
| XXX         | Title       |

Below are a few tips for specific search engines:

> - The decoys have to be reported in the search results and they should be then mapped to target proteins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The decoys have to be reported in the search results and the accession of decoy proteins need to pairable with target proteins. xiFDR recognises following prefixes `REV_`, `RAN_` and `DECOY:` to the accession-numbers.
```

- XXX

Column names may be remapped in the bottom half of the csv interface by XXXX

#### Loading results from ProteomeXchange repositories

#### other settings in input tab

| setting      | Description                                                                                                             | When to use                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Flag modifications | splits FDR calculation for modified and unmodified peptides                                                             | if spectral quality of modified and unmodified peptides differs and there are sufficient numbers of matches in both modified and unmodified to perform FDR calculation                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Flag modifications | splits FDR calculation for modified and unmodified peptides                                                             | EXPERIMENTAL: try if spectral quality of modified and unmodified peptides differs and there are sufficient numbers of matches in both modified and unmodified to perform FDR calculation                                                        |
```

> | Flag modifications | splits FDR calculation for modified and unmodified peptides                                                             | if spectral quality of modified and unmodified peptides differs and there are sufficient numbers of matches in both modified and unmodified to perform FDR calculation                                                        |

Author: yep

| positive grouping | if some matches have an inherently lower chance to be false positive then they can be flagged here |

The last two columns are used to group matches for which the FDR is calculated separately. This requires that enough data are present and should be considered experimental.

Additionally there are some columns that are mainly just passed through to provide a "nice" output:
| crosslinker | name of the cross-linker involved in this PSM |
| crossLinkerModMass | mass difference between the sum of the non-cross-linked peptides and the cross-linked peptides |
| experimental mz | experimental precursor M/Z |
| calculated mass | calculated mass of the precursor |
| Protein name1 | a name for the first protein |
| Protein name2 | a name for the second protein |
| description1 | description of the first protein |
| description2 | description of the second protein |
| info | arbitrary info field to be forwarded to the results table |

For xiSEARCH results there some more columns that are important for the mzIdentML export that get automatically mapped. 

> 
> 
> 
> #### Loading results from ProteomeXchange repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|min. peptide doublets| minimum number of  peptide doublets observed | important for DSSO searches, included in boosting              |
| boost separately|perform independent optimisation of each parameter| on by default                                                  |

The settings in "define groups" are currently very beta and unsupported. They allow for splitting the dataset further down into custom groups for FDR calculation.

#### Boosting
xiFDR's boosting feature performs a grid search to optimise FDR settings at lower levels to reach the maximum number of matches passing validation at the desired FDR level. For example, enabling boosting for a residue pair-level FDR of 5% will tweak PSM, peptide pair and protein group level FDR cutoffs to maximise the number of residue pairs passing the 5% FDR threshold.

Boosting is performed with a grid search of parameters as described in [Fisher et al. 2017](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/acs.analchem.6b03745). 

The user may control which parameters are part of boosting by changing the selection in the "boosting includes" button. 

> The "steps" controls how many steps of the grid search per parameter. The "between" box ensures that boosting is performed to maximise the number of heteromeric residue pairs/PPIs etc. passing FDR rather than the overall number. This is recommended for searches where the goal is to produce a protein-protein interaction network and where large numbers of heteromeric crosslinks are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "steps" controls how many steps of the grid search per round of optimization. The "between" box ensures that boosting is performed to maximise the number of heteromeric residue pairs/PPIs etc. passing FDR rather than the overall number. This is recommended for searches where the goal is to produce a protein-protein interaction network and where large numbers of heteromeric crosslinks are available.
```

FDR calculations with boosting enabled can take some minutes to conclude.

### FDR suggestions & common mistakes

The extreme flexibility of xiFDR requires some careful use. Here are some of our suggestions and ways to spot that the FDR calculation may not be giving sensible results. When in doubt, keep it simple! 

#### Tips & tricks
- For searches with cleavable crosslinkers such as DSSO, set prefilters (see below) on the number of peptide doublets and boost on that parameter
- For searches with unspecific crosslinkers like SDA, include prefilters (or boost) on minimum number of fragments. Include also a prefilter on "fragment unique crosslinked matched conservative" and exclude consecutives. This ensures that only spectral matches with at least one fragment proving a crosslinked peptide pair are considered.

#### Watch out for:
- The program warns if there aren't sufficient targets to estimate FDR accurately. If this warning refers to the level of analysis you are interested in, there is likely almost nothing in the data. Unless prefilters were set way too stringent.

> - The FDR calculation rests on the assumption that target-decoy pairs have twice the chance of random matching than decoy-decoy pairs (TD+DT vs DD). If in your results you have more decoy-decoy (DD) than target-decoy (TD), your FDR evaluates to a negative number and becomes meaningless. This may be a sign that there are no crosslinks in the datasets, or that prefilters are not working as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The FDR calculation rests on the assumption that target-decoy pairs have twice the chance of random matching than decoy-decoy pairs (TD+DT vs DD). If in your results you have more decoy-decoy (DD) than target-decoy (TD), your FDR evaluates to a negative number and becomes meaningless. This may be a sign that there are very few crosslinks in the datasets, or that prefilters are not working as intended.
```

### Results summary
After the calculation is complete (check the log tab, the lower bottom left of the window or the "calculate" button becoming clickable again), the results tab presents a summary of all matches passing the FDR threshold with the number of decoys and target-decoys in each category. Remember the ratio of targets and decoys passing determines the accuracy of the FDR estimation.

### Writing out search results

Results may be written out in xiFDR .csv format (csv tab) or in mzIdentML1.2.0 format. We advise to do both every time, as the summary file is useful to keep track of what was done, and the mzIdentML for later deposition or upload to [xiView.org](https://www.xiview.org).

#### csv output 
will generate several files:

- Summary file: a file containing a summary of the FDR calculation, results and all settings

> - CSM file: a file containing all crosslink spectra matches passing the threshold. This file can be uploaded to xiview.org for visualization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CSM file: a file containing all crosslink spectra matches passing all thresholds. This file can be uploaded to xiview.org for visualization
```

> - peptide pairs file: a file containing all peptide pairs passing the threshold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- peptide pairs file: a file containing all peptide pairs passing all threshold
```

> - CSM file: a file containing all crosslink spectra matches passing the threshold. This file can be uploaded to xiview.org for visualization
> - peptide pairs file: a file containing all peptide pairs passing the threshold
> - protein groups file: all protein groups passing the threshold (i.e. including ambiguity when a peptide cannot be assigned to an individual protein)
> - Links file: all the crosslinked residue pairs passing the threshold
> - PPI file: all the protein-protein interactions passing the thresold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CSM file: a file containing all crosslink spectra matches passing all thresholds. This file can be uploaded to xiview.org for visualization
- peptide pairs file: a file containing all peptide pairs passing all thresholds
- protein groups file: all protein groups passing all thresholds (i.e. including ambiguity when a peptide cannot be assigned to an individual protein)
- Links file: all the crosslinked residue pairs passing all thresholds
- PPI file: all the protein-protein interactions passing all thresholds.
```

> 

Reviewer: Is this to much information here? Just because I had that discussion a few times with fracis, that he was surprised to see nearly no decoy links when applying a PPI FDR.
```suggestion

As only matches are reported that pass a all thresholds you can see, potentially a lot less decoys then the FDR on that level indicates. E.g. when filtering for both 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR the resulting Links-file will probably contain very few remaining decoys. BUT you can't take that as an indication, that you have next to no false positives left as the applied PPI filter basically invalidates any follow up decoy based error estimation on residue pairs. In general any higher level of abstraction FDR will make any follow up observation of decoys on lower levels meaningless. This only applies for going from higher levels to lower levels (e.g. PPI->residue pair->peptide pair->CSM). The other way around (CSM->peptide pair->residue pair->PPI) is a valid  process and is how xiFDR internally works.

```

Reviewer: Ok you have that in short form at the end - but do you think it makes sense to have an explicit warning about the interpretation of the lower level results?

Reviewer: maybe I shift that whole thing to where you did write about this

> Each file contains information about the FDR, local FDR (if enabled), posterior error probability, target/decoy nature of each match, as well as the peakfile of origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each file contains information about the FDR, posterior error probability (local FDR), target/decoy nature of each match, as well as the peakfile of origin.
```

Author: we are using local FDR everywhere, why would we bring in PEP? is it in the headers?

Reviewer: in the output file the column is called PEP - you are right. It should be unified

Author: then for now i commit your change (anyways in the terminology i write that they are the same)

> Beware that if multiple FDR thresholds are set, *only* the matches passing the highest level of aggregation are included in the results. In other words, the csv files for a search with both a 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR will only include residue pairs with a 5% or better FDR that also lead to a protein pair with a 5% or better FDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beware that if multiple FDR thresholds are set, *only* the matches passing all levels of aggregation are included in the results. In other words, the csv files for a search with both a 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR will only include residue pairs with a 5% or better FDR that also lead to a protein pair with a 5% or better FDR.

In effect will see (potentially a lot) less decoys for a FDR level then the FDR indicates. E.g. when filtering for both 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR the resulting residue-pair file will probably contain very few remaining decoys. *BUT* you can't take that as an indication, that you have next to no false positives left as the applied PPI filter basically invalidates any follow up decoy based error estimation on residue pairs. In general any higher level of abstraction FDR will make any follow up observation of decoys on lower levels meaningless. This only applies for going from higher levels to lower levels (e.g. PPI->residue pair->peptide pair->CSM). The other way around (CSM->peptide pair->residue pair->PPI) is a valid  process and is how xiFDR internally works.
```

Author: i think the english here is a bit confusing

Reviewer: My English not perfect is? Impossible!

Will try to improve - but do you think it make sense to extend that warning like that?

Author: "In effect will see (potentially a lot) less decoys for a FDR level then the FDR indicates. E.g. when filtering for both 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR the resulting residue-pair file will probably contain very few remaining decoys. *BUT* you can't take that as an indication, that you have next to no false positives left as the applied PPI filter basically invalidates any follow up decoy based error estimation on residue pairs. In general any higher level of abstraction FDR will make any follow up observation of decoys on lower levels meaningless. This only applies for going from higher levels to lower levels (e.g. PPI->residue pair->peptide pair->CSM). The other way around (CSM->peptide pair->residue pair->PPI) is a valid  process and is how xiFDR internally works."

I would change to

"This can result in a lower number of decoys at a given FDR level than the reported FDR number. Meaning, when when filtering for both 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR the resulting residue pair file will contain only decoys that reach the protein pair level. This should not be misconstrued as having next to no false positives left at the residue pair level: the protein pair filter basically invalidates any follow up decoy based error estimation at the lower residue pair level. Thus, any FDR at a higher level of aggregation (eg. protein pair vs CSM) will prevent an analysis of decoys at lower levels, as error is propagated through."

Author: yes i think informing the user in more detail here is good. I don't even think many people in juri's lab know this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beware that if multiple FDR thresholds are set, *only* the matches passing all levels of aggregation are included in the results. In other words, the csv files for a search with both a 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR will only include residue pairs with a 5% or better FDR that also lead to a protein pair with a 5% or better FDR.

This can result in a lower number of decoys at a given FDR level than the reported FDR number. Meaning, when when filtering for both 5% residue pair FDR and 5% protein pair FDR the resulting residue pair file will contain only decoys that reach the protein pair level. This should not be misconstrued as having next to no false positives left at the residue pair level: the protein pair filter basically invalidates any follow up decoy based error estimation at the lower residue pair level. Thus, any FDR at a higher level of aggregation (eg. protein pair vs CSM) will prevent a meaningful analysis of false positives via decoys at lower levels.
```

#### mzIdentML output

> will generate a single file .mzIdentML compliant with standards. The file can be deposited in ProteomeXChange repositories or uploaded to xiview.org for visualization. It contains information about the search results, peaks and validation. Reading in the xiSEARCH "config" file in the "input" tab is required for mzIdentML output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will generate a single file .mzIdentML compliant with standards. The file can be deposited in ProteomeXchange repositories or uploaded to xiview.org for visualization. It contains information about the search results, peaks and validation. Reading in the xiSEARCH "config" file in the "input" tab is required for mzIdentML output.
```
